Add ASP.NET, Databend and Node.js files (#177)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/nodejs.md

---
name: node.js
category: Runtimes

> description: Node.js is an open-source, cross-platform javascript runtime environment that allows developers to execute.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Node.js is a free, open-source and cross-platform Javascript runtime environment that allows developer 
 to create servers, web apps, command line tools and scripts.
```
